Is marriage a source of happiness
or heartbreak?
So many married couples
just endure unhappily,
other couples separate,
and large numbers end in divorce.
And yet,
some have found
great happiness and contentment in marriage.
How?
What makes the difference?
They have learned God’s view of marriage
found in the Bible.
After all, God originated marriage,
and he wants married couples to be happy.
So how does God view marriage?
The Bible says
that God “‘made them male and female’ . . .
What God has yoked together,
let no man put apart.”
God views marriage as a permanent bond
between a man and a woman.
He wants them to be faithful to each other.
By following the Bible’s advice
to legalize their marriage,
a couple show that they recognize
the importance of their union
and they enjoy greater security.
When they view their marriage as permanent,
they’re more likely to work together
to solve their problems.
While the Bible realistically acknowledges
that couples will face challenges,
it also provides advice from God
that helps to work through disagreements.
For example, the Bible says:
“Each one of you must love his wife
“as he does himself;
“on the other hand,
“the wife should have deep respect
for her husband.”
Through the Bible,
God teaches couples to display qualities
that build a happy marriage,
like being kind, patient, and forgiving.
The Bible also emphasizes the value
of being a good listener.
Regardless of how long
two people have been married,
they can find happiness
when they share God’s view of marriage.
Do you need help in your marriage
with regard to money problems,
health issues,
relatives,
or raising children?
To learn more about what the Bible says
on this and many other topics,
go to jw.org.